Albert Liang
CS107E
Clock

The final program is "clock.c", located in the clock folder.  The program
implements a minutes:seconds clock on a 4-digit, 7-segment display.  The clock
begins at 59:54 (due to lag from bootloader, 59:55 is the first time shown on
the display), so it is easier to observe the clock reset to 00:00 after 59:59.

Extension program "clock_x.c" allows the user to set each digit to display the
number of his or her choice; the clock then continues from that chosen time.
There are two pushbuttons below the display.  The left button is connected to
GPIO 17, and the right button is connected to GPIO 18.

When the right button is pressed, the display goes to "set" mode and displays
only a 0 in the leftmost digit.  The user can then press the left button to
increment the leftmost digit upwards (or downwards to 0, if the digit is
currently displaying the maximum possible value the digit can have).  When the
display shows the number of the user's liking, the user presses the right
button again to switch to the next digit on the right of the current digit.

In this order, the user can set all 4 digits to the desired time.  After the
user sets the rightmost digit, the clock resumes normal functionality after a
quarter-second pause, during which time the display is dark.  The user must not
hold the button down during the pause - if the user does not lift his or her
finger before the pause is finished, the clock returns to "set" mode.

The buttons are meant to be very sensitive.  When the user is setting each
digit, there is only a 50 millisecond delay between readings of the left
button.  Holding down the left button causes the display to cycle through all
the numbers once every half-second.

If the user wishes to reset the clock to 00:00, the user can simply hold down
the right button.  The display will flash a zero through every digit in turn,
starting from the leftmost and moving to the rightmost.  Again, the user must
make sure to lift his or her finger after the rightmost digit has set, or else
the clock will re-enter "set" mode.

Other notes:
- the "ship" directory contains code for both the minutes:seconds clock and an
attempted hours:minutes clock which was discontinued due to the process
freezing at too many loops.
- the "test" directory contains "blinktest.s", an assembly program I wrote to
rigorously test the display, GPIO pins, and other hardware for bugs before
beginning work on the software.
- The "saves" directory contains a record of save points along the development
of this clock.  More than once, I've had to discontinue my current version and
restart from an earlier save.
